Now it has more than 273 branches
with its headquarter located in Mumbai and
it operates more than 840 virtual offices.
In 2019, Fairfax Financial
Holdings sold more than half of its stake
in this company.
Friends,
you have heard the name of ICICI Bank, but did you know that
this bank also runs an insurance company,
its name is ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited. Its
operations started in 1999 as a joint
venture between ICICI Bank
Limited and Loan Bantakar Adda Limited, which is
a nominee company of Fairfax Holdings
Limited. They started it and
started selling general insurance products in that category. It has
more than 273 branches in India with
its headquarter located in Mumbai and
it operates more than 840 virtual offices.
If we talk about major product categories, then
general insurance includes all motor
insurance products along with health
insurance, travel insurance, home
insurance and business insurance and Rupesh
Soni  In the category too, they do this and of course,
friends, it was in 2018 that
they launched their app, Best Claim Verification
Service. At that time, it used to take a
few days to a
week to verify a claim, but through this app,
they removed that hassle and limited it to a few hours.
This app will also
help them in catching claims
and processing them faster through the passion film.
In 2019, Heroine tied up
with Karur Vysya Bank to
sell its products at higher prices over the counter.
In 2019, Fairfax Financial
Holdings sold more than half of its stake
in this company. In 2020, this
company acquired Bharti AXA General
Insurance and handed over one share in writing.
Health means transferring ownership through exchange of
shares without any monetary transaction.
Under this deal, Bharti
shareholders
got two ICICI Lombard shares for every 115 shares.
Now friends, let's talk about that.
How can you contact this company?
First, note down their toll-free number:
1800 2666. The special thing is that you can call them at any time in 24 hours and
get a solution to your problem. Secondly, there is only one
WhatsApp service. If you
save this number on your registered mobile screen and
type hi, then their self-help groups will appear.
You can choose any of these services and
go to it. Note down this number:
double
786. If you don't want to call, you can
log on to their website and contact their assistant through live chat.
Now friends, let's talk about Jio's customer
care email id. Note down
their support. It is double free. RTO
and
ICICI Lombard. Hello MBA r.com,
friends, this company's claim settlement
ratio is also quite good and it
is also listed on the stock exchange of India. So,
with this information, friends, we hope
that your insurance experience
with ICICI Lombard will be a very pleasant one. And with this hope,  We have
reached the end of this video and
in the next video we will bring you some
great information about another insurance company. Till then let's watch this
movie. Stay healthy, take
care of yourself and keep looking. Namaskar A
[Music]